you
oh yeah sweet excuse me
why don't you another little talk let's
talk about context versus whether I have
I've always been a fan of leather and
it's its traditional I love leather I
think it's just wonderful if you want to
do it just a basic belt sheath with a
dangler or something like that then I
think it's just a great product but I
find more and more than I like I like
setups or it's tucked inside my belt so
it's close to mine to my body because a
lot of the places that I go into there's
a lot of brush and I want to try to
limit the hang-ups as much as possible
so I find that that I'm I'm leaning more
and more toward context and I know it's
it's not traditional that's frowned upon
in certain places so I want to give you
my opinion of course that's what little
talks are is my opinion why I'm leaning
more and more toward X the main thing is
in my area it is so humid that I sweat
like a pig and leather I mean I will
have it on just a little bit and it will
be completely sucked from sweat so and I
use high carbon steel either oh one or
two 95 so that means that my blade is
sitting in wet leather most of the time
there in the summer late spring early
fall time periods excuse me so I prefer
I find that the context is is a better
product because of that also when
leather gets wet if it's in your belt
and you have a knife out and you're
bending over and doing tasks and
whatever and you start to put the knife
back
and you have to be very careful because
remember the cut okay remember that it's
better a finger than a stomach okay so
I'm finding that that I trust context
more because I can I can pull the knife
out use the task bend over do whatever I
want to and it's safe to just stick back
into my belt same thing with a neck see
I can carry a knife upside down so when
I pull it from a neck to use it's a
one-handed operation and I don't have to
have a leather pouch to run I'm pulling
it past my neck okay so I just find it
that I'm liking the konnex option better
it fits me better does that mean that
I'm not gonna be using leather no it
doesn't mean that at all it just means
that probably on my camp setups and my
my outdoors activities it's gonna be
using more contacts than I do leather
because again in my area it's best that
I have my tools of our belt and
everything else as close to my body as
possible so that it doesn't hang up on
vines and brush and things like that and
with that said I it's so humid that I
sweat constantly so instead of having
soaked leather with a blade sitting in
soaked leather all the time I have
contacts that drains better that
protects the blade better protects me
better and it's just a better product
for my area now there are some drawbacks
and if you're if you're wanting to keep
your blade pristine and not have the
little brush marks and all this other
stuff then I have not been able to find
kayaks or maybe I'm not good enough with
kayaks yet that it doesn't that
it always leaves a little brush marks on
the plate okay and no matter what I do
the konnex always leaves a little it's
not real scratches it's just brush marks
really and I don't know the give me a
way to keep that from happening now some
of the other custom makers out there the
conex guys they probably know a better
way of doing that but me I haven't I
haven't found that or discover that yet
hey if you guys won't tell me a secret
just send me a PM and let me know I
don't tell anybody unless you let me -
okay
hey anyway but there you have it that's
that's my take on comics and why I like
it I mean it's not very traditional as
it's not in some circles that's frowned
upon but I think it has its place and
really whatever fits your area and your
needs that's what you need to carry that
goes from knives to what the sheath or
to your gear everything about you as an
individual you need to use the equipment
that makes sense for your skill level
your area and your all
your preference really I mean just
whatever you prefer just get learn how
to use that that that equipment just
that's the main key so they're in it I
just wanted to okay and this is a
stacker set this is uh just just so you
know this is a little filet boning knife
that that I did for before I'm set for
to use this year with a generation two
hogs tooth and a small neck knife is
just a baby broke Bushmen so that is
going to be my setup I believe this is
what I'm thinking right now for for a
hunting season that's coming up I'm
really liking this set up a bit kind of
kind of wearing it a little bit around
the house and see how comfortable it is
and making sure that it's going to ride
well and and sit well so I think it I
think this is gonna be a very good setup
for me so until the next one you guys
get out the woods go with a little stick
get in the backyard build a fire just
get in the outdoors enjoy the outdoors
take a child with you teach that child
about the outdoors and if you do take
many of band-aids and lots of knives
we'll catch you again soon